what up YouTube dish your boy Jay day 26
and I'm going to a quick review and
rundown of the HTC evo AKA to supersonic
flash to cricket this phone has been
flashed with by the help of a friend of
mine named josh he runs geek flash AKA
sir productions @ yahoo.com so if you
have any questions be posting the link
below we could get in touch with him or
myself if you have any questions about
flashing phones to to cricket as you can
see we have a custom flash and boot
screen that's cricket eyes everywhere so
you would know this phone is flashed to
cricket basically i'm proud of that you
know i don't want to pay 130 dollars a
month for phone when i could pay fifty
five dollars or forty five dollars and
have all the functionality that a sprint
user what have I mean everything 3g 4g
mms browser everything so with no
further ado we run through this rhyme
real quick as you can see this phone is
fully flashed it has sense UI has all
the bells and whistles is also themed so
it has a transparent background this is
not stock as you can see have 3g icon
which is fully active meaning everything
works on his phone browser mms tether
everything that I stated before so uh
I'm gonna do a quick run-through with a
browser
browsers pretty fast go to engadget
matter of fact ESPN
ESP and lows are pretty fast no problems
reflow browser reflow no problem
sportsnation everything I have the
transparent app drawer meaning your
desktop background on your phone will
show up on your app drawer he's some of
the apps that I have some of our cricket
meaning that has a crooked marketplace
cricket backup and cricket mobile wet
autumn fully functional sprint hotspot
and wireless tether both work and I also
had a cricket store front show you that
this phone is flashed
Eliza's Oh torch English please stay on
the line parkin wireless as you see
that's clearly haha I'm about to cut
this a little short basically showed you
to run through but the creme de la creme
i'm going to show you is a 4g machine is
4g is active
as you can see is turning on scanning
as you can see 4g icon at the top to a
quick run of the browser on 4g see speed
difference
like night and day
SC meaning that's pretty fast not too
many people can say they have that it's
not a fluke you've seen me hit it that's
4G show you what I'm actually running
before this video is up about phone or
running android 2.2 mins warm 2.2 RLS 5
meaning is update number 5 so please
rate subscribe and comment below if you
have any questions be sure to hit me up
and I will point you in the right
direction all right now just stay tuned
for future videos goodbye